ARROW-9870: [R] Friendly interface for filesystems (S3) (#8351)
apache/arrow: r/vignettes/fs.Rmd

## Creating a FileSystem object

Another way to connect to S3 is to create an `FileSystem` object once and pass
that to the read/write functions.
`s3_bucket()` is a convenience function to create an `S3FileSystem` object,
automatically detecting the bucket's AWS region and holding onto the bucket's
relative path.
This may be a convenience when dealing with
long URIs, and it's necessary for some options and authentication methods
that aren't supported in the URI format.

With a `FileSystem` object, we can point to specific files in it with the `$path()` method.
In the previous example, this would look like:

```r
bucket <- s3_bucket("ursa-labs-taxi-data")
df <- read_parquet(bucket$path("2019/06/data.parquet"))
```

See the help for `FileSystem` for a list of options that `s3_bucket()` and `S3FileSystem$create()`
can take. `region`, `scheme`, and `endpoint_override` can be encoded as query
parameters in the URI (though `region` will be auto-detected in `s3_bucket()` or from the URI if omitted).
`access_key` and `secret_key` can also be included,
but other options are not supported in the URI.

> The object that `s3_bucket()` returns is technically a `SubTreeFileSystem`, which holds a path and a file system to which it corresponds. `SubTreeFileSystem`s can be useful for holding a reference to a subdirectory somewhere, on S3 or elsewhere.
> 
> One way to get a subtree is to call the `$cd()` method on a `FileSystem`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `SubTreeFileSystem` wraps a directory in another `FileSystem`, using that directory
as its own root. One way to get a subtree is to call the `$chroot()` method on a
`FileSystem`. `SubTreeFileSystem`s can be useful for holding a reference to a subdirectory
somewhere, on S3 or elsewhere. The object that `s3_bucket()` returns is technically a
`SubTreeFileSystem`, scoped to the given bucket.

```
